DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Show Me What You Got!\"
DANIEL'S MOTHER: Come on Dan!
It's time to get up now!
Ah, another perfect day in the city!
Yes the conditions are just right
for your battle with Skyress!
Yeah I can hardly wait for the action to start!
I'm glad you're up for it because this could be
your toughest challenge yet!
Don't worry... I won't lose!
I know...
It's part of the test remember!
Just make sure you're not late!
I won't be!
Well...
I said we'd meet them at Runo's house
so we'd better get moving!
Runo's house?
Yeah I haven't seen her for a couple days now!
I suppose you're right...
And where has Alice been?
I have no idea.
They haven't been online for a while either.
So...
Let's go and check up on them!
You'll have to go without me Dan!
Uh, I've made some plans of my own!
I'll be back in time for the battle.
Why don't I just meet you at the park!
You made plans of your own?
That's not like you?
You'll have to get used to it Dan!
I've figured out how to move around quite well in this form
and I just feel like going out on my own for change!
It's nothing personal,
I just want a little time to myself!
It's a big world out there!
I'm not a child!
Don't talk to strangers!
Stop speaking to me like that!
You know I can take care of myself!
I'll see you later!
Hey!
Make sure you look both ways when you cross the street!
Silence human!
DAN: What? Alice is missing!
Shhh!
Keep it down!
I don't want my Mom and Dad to hear us!
This isn't the first time that Alice has disappeared!
I guess I should have told you before but the truth is,
sometimes she's gone for days at a time.
-On her own? -Yeah...
But she always comes back and seems just fine
so I never thought anything of it...
She's been gone a long time.
I see...
So that's why you didn't make it to my last battle!
Oh Dan...
I hope Alice isn't in trouble.
EXEDRA: And now you must prove yourself
by passing \"the test!\"
Ha!
And she is to be my opponent?
You are really underestimating me!
This girl is not real.
She is a figment of your imagination.
However, she is the hurdle you must overcome.
A hurdle I must overcome huh?
[laughs]
This is hardly worth my time at all.
Ha!
Are you sure you know yourself so well?
If you underestimate her , you will be sorry!
Bakugan...
Brawl!
Centipoid stand!
Bakugan...
Brawl!
Siege Stand!
BAKUPOD: Bakugan recognized.
Aren't you afraid of me?
No!
Of course not, I know everything about you!
Good...
Then there's no reason for us not to have a battle,
right?
Gate Card, Set!
Bakugan...
Brawl!
Darkus Wormquake Stand!
Gate Card... Set!
Bakugan...
Brawl!
Mantris Stand!
Ability Card Activate!
Marionette!
Send Centipoid to Seige's area.
BAKUPOD: Centipoid now challenges Siege
in his region of the battlefield!
No way...
He can't!
That's not fair!
It's not an unusual move
for one who doesn't think twice
about sending Bakugan to the Doom Dimension!
Gate Card... Open!
Mine Ghost!
Hold it!
Ability activate...
Grand Down!
BAKUPOD: Gate Card cancelled!
You made my gate card useless!
I don't think Alice is around here.
I'll stay down here a little bit longer...
But don't tell anyone where I am...
I don't want them to worry about me.
TIGRERRA: By the way Dan, where's Drago?
Are you two arguing?
Nah!
He made other plans
but he said he'd show up for our battle!
What battle?
Did Masquerade come looking for you again
and challenge you to a duel?
Uh no...
Kinda...
RUNO: You're kidding!
So you're test is to battle all the other Brawlers!
Yeah...
You could say Drago and I have our work cut out for us!
Who have you fought so far Dan?
Well we beat Julie and Marucho yesterday...
And today we're gonna battle Shun.
Then I guess that means I'm next!
Yep! You're on my list!
Uh go easy on me okay?
Dan I'm curious...
Tell me, what would happen if Skyress defeats Drago?
Then you don't have to battle...
That would be your lucky break huh?
Hey hold on!
Are you trying to say that I'm going to lose to Shun?
Uh no... Of course not!
However there is something I want to ask you Dan...
It's about Drago and I...
And it's very important to me!
What was it that Wavern said?
You can meet me at Joe's condo if you like.
One small pizza for the customer...
One giant tip for me!
[laughs]
This must be the place.
WAVERN: There's someone I've haven't seen in a long time!
Wavern! Is that you?
CHILD: I know let's play hide-and-seek!
Okay I'll count to ten...
One, two, three...
It so good to see you Drago!
Do you remember the first time we met?
Yes I do!
It was during the time when I first slipped between
the dimensions of the two worlds...
There you were...
Looking quite elegant as I recall.
-I found you! -Aww...
But you weren't alone...
Naga was there too!
I was surprised to find both of you
in such a desolate place.
What are you doing here?
You don't belong here.
You should return to your World.
What are your Attributes?
I can tell you're neither Haos nor Ventus...
Your skin is so white...
I've never seen that before.
NAGA: We are the \"White ones\"
and we do not belong to any attribute world...
We are the forgotten ones...
The White Ones?
After that, you came to see me time and time again...
That was so kind of you.
I'd like to see the outside world someday...
I'd like to,
but I don't know if I'll ever get the chance.
I'll take you there Wavern.
Really?
Yes. It would be my pleasure.
DRAGO: But that's when Naga tried to take over
my fire attributed world known as Pyrus...
Wait Naga!
Get out of my way!
This world is mine!
Why do you crave so much power?
Even if you were to get it,
it would only lead to your destruction!
You know you can't control it!
Be quiet! You don't understand!
I am a \"white one\"
and I'm tired of being powerless!
WAVERN: The \"White ones\" are a mutated Bakugan
born during the process of evolving...
They are the forgotten ones who live powerless
in between dimensions.
When their time comes they simply fade away...
It is a sad fate!
But my brother Naga wanted to change his destiny...
He felt cheated that he was born without any real power
so he decided that he was going to get it at any cost...
No matter who got in his way!
So he set his sights on getting the Infinity Core
and the Silent Core,
in the hopes of becoming the most powerful Bakugan...
NAGA: Ah all this energy from the Silent Core feels so good!
And I'm sure The Infinity Core will be even better!
[screaming]
This wasn't supposed to happen!
I didn't expect the negative power of the Silent Core
to be this great!
I won't be able to control it for long!
[screaming]
No! It's too much for me!
WAVERN: And it's because of my brother's actions
that Vestroia is now on the verge of destruction...
And while I was drawn into the runaway Infinity Core
somehow I ended up in the human world...
And that's how we ended up meeting again Drago.
That's one good thing to come out of this terrible situation.
Yes I suppose...
I'm so ashamed of my brother Naga...
What he's doing is wrong!
All wrong!
Using one's power to gain total control
is not the way of the Bakugan!
And it never should be!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers will be right back
after these messages!
Now back to the Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Look it's almost time for the battle!
Oh? Hey!
There's Shun now!
WAVERN: At first I couldn't control
the Infinity Core inside of me
and couldn't move about,
but eventually I gained control of it.
And that means that my brother will soon find a way
to free himself from the Silent Core
and then he'll make his move
and come after the Infinity Core.
Oh! Joe's here!
I have to go!
Take care Drago!
It was good talking with you
and good luck with your battle!
Thank you Wavern.
[sinister laugh]
NAGA: I sense the Infinity Core is with my sister...
Now isn't that interesting.
[laughs]
I think I'll contact her!
[scream]
Open your eyes, my sister.
The \"White ones\" are no longer powerless...
It is time for us to fulfill our destiny
by dominating Vestroia.
Come, join me, your brother, and we'll rule Vestroia -
no, the entire universe -
We will be reborn as the most powerful Bakugan ever!
Joe!
Wavern...
Where did you run off too on your own?
Just sightseeing.
[groaning]
Hey are you okay?
It's the Infinity Core...
It feels like it's trying to break free from me.
I'm right here...
Don't you worry now.
The Infinity Core must be resonating
with the Silent Core somehow.
Thanks Joe.
I'm better now.
Good...
That's a relief!
It must be Naga...
He must be trying to absorb the Silent Core.
This isn't like Dan at all.
He never misses a battle!
Maybe he stopped for something to eat on the way?
What?
It's starting to snow.
[ringing]
It's Dan.
Can you believe this ladies and gentlemen,
it's the middle of summer and it's begun to snow.
There has never been anything quite like this
on record before.
DRAGO: Oh no.
I hope I'm not late for the battle.
I know Dan won't be too pleased with me if I am.
Huh? Who's this?
Tigrerra?
Drago, may I speak with you?
Yes of course.
I have the utmost respect for your skills Drago
but I have always wondered what it would be like
to face you in a real battle.
That's why I've come here today because I'd really
like to find out if you'll let me.
-What? -Please...
Before you battle Skyress,
would you do me the honor of battling with me first...
I'd greatly appreciate it!
DAN: Come on, go for it Drago!
Daniel?
Tigrerra really wants too!
And I'm okay with it...
Shun?
Think about it, it makes a lot of sense.
If I win against Dan,
then Runo won't have a chance to battle him.
Go ahead, Tigrerra.
Be our guest.
Thank you Skyress... I will.
That's very generous of you.
Humph!
I'm the one who's got to pass the test here.
Okay, Tigrerra.
Let's brawl!
Field Open!
I'll throw this in!
So how do you want to do this Dan?
We'll battle one on one!
That okay?
That's cool!
Luck might decide who wins this!
So let's not have any ill will towards each other
no matter what happens.
Agreed.
Dan, listen!
This isn't just a battle between us...
It's a battle between both our Bakugan!
Yeah I know that Runo!
So...
Are you ready for your toughest battle ever?
Oh you bet I am!
And I'm gonna make you eat those words!
Gate Card Set!
Ready when you are Runo!
Let do it Tigrerra!
Bakugan Brawl!
Tigrerra Stand!
You can call me Blade Tigrerra!
Ability Card Activate!
Lightening Shield!
Tigrerra has evolved!
-Are you ready! -Ready.
Let's do it!
Bakugan Brawl!
Drago Stand!
Ability Card Activate!
Dragonic Enforcement!
Finally we meet in battle Drago!
But this is no way to begin!
We'll have to start again!
Very well, I don't want to lose this opportunity!
Drago and Tigrerra both appeared
on each other's area of field
so they couldn't start the battle!
No Skyress they were placed there deliberately!
Runo guessed that Dan's gate card is a Pyrus Normal card
and so she activated an ability card that cancels out
all the judge points of any non-Haos attributed Bakugan.
Dan's next move will probably
up Drago's power level by 50 G's
using a defensive ability card
that only works for Dragonoid.
Let's try again Tigrerra!
Bakugan Brawl!
Tigrerra stand!
Drago! Go get 'em!
Bakugan Brawl!
Drago Stand!
BAKUPOD: Bakugan recognized!
Battle!
[groaning]
[screaming]
I've got you!
No!
Gate card... Open!
BAKUPOD: Tigrerra power level increase to 550 G's!
Now Tigrerra has the advantage!
[roaring]
Drago!
Ability Card Activate!
Velocity Fang!
That did some damage!
BAKUPOD: Dragonoid's power level decreased by 100 G's
50 G's taken from its ability card!
Power level now at 350 G's!
I have you now Drago!
Hold on!
Ability Card Activate!
D-Strike Attack!
BAKUPOD: Dragonoid increase of 200 G's!
[screaming]
Their power levels are the same!
They're both equally matched now!
Yes but for how long?
Not bad Tigrerra...
I just hope you're ready for what's next!
Fusion Ability Card!
D-Strike Dragonoid!
Activate!
BAKUPOD: Dragonoid increase to 750 G's!
[scream]
You defeated me Drago...
Yes this time maybe...
But next time who knows what will happen.
I heard you say it yourself...
Sometimes it's luck that decides the winner!
I don't think luck had anything to do with it.
You beat me because you're the better warrior.
It was an honor doing battle with you!
I'll never forget this experience.
Thank you Drago.
Stop it Tigrerra.
You're embarrassing me.
Hey...
Runo that was a good battle.
But... I knew all along
you didn't have a chance of beating me.
Well thanks for nothing!
Oh thanks for waiting, guys.
Well I, for one, knew we would find you.
Aw!
Marucho it's all your fault!
You're the one who wanted to stop and make snow angels.
Thanks for waiting. Shun...
I guess I battle you next!
Yeah.
That I gotta see!
Ha!
Surely you have something better in store for me...
Let's have a real battle!
As you wish...
Perhaps it's time that you see how a Darkus soldier
really battles.
Bakugan... BRAWL!
Exedra stand!
BAKUPOD: Exedra recognized.
Let me guess that's your actual form?
Yes.
This is who I really am!
Exedra, the Legendary Darkus Soldier!
Legendary Darkus Soldier or not,
you do realize that whoever dares to face me in battle
is as good as defeated!
Gate card... Open!
BAKUPOD: Character gate card engaged.
Mantris power levels doubled to 780 G's!
Exedra your time has come and passed.
We'll see about that!
Ability card activate...
Demon Wizard!
Wormquake, give me your strength
so that I can prove who the true warrior is here!
BAKUPOD: Transfer of 400 G's to Exedra recognized.
Now...
Demon Wizard is going to destroy your gate card!
BAKUPOD: Mantris power level decreased to 390 G's!
Now you'll see what true battling strength is!
Behold the power of Darkus!
[chuckles] That doesn't scare me!
Gate card... Set!
Bakugan brawl!
Dual Hydranoid stand!
This battle isn't over yet!
Now we'll see who has the real power!
DAN: Coming up on the Bakugan Battle Brawlers...
My test continues battling Shun.
Drago's up for it
but we'll see how well he does against Skyress.
And even though Shun's my friend,
I don't plan on losing to him 'cause that means
Masquerade will get one step closer
to realizing his evil plan.
This battle is gonna be fierce!
And only the best Brawler can win it
so that gives me the edge.
Don't miss the next Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Battle!